feat(lite-chains): include definitions (#604)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-179.md

- [Proposal Information](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/7b1a046098d3e2583abd0372c5e9c6003b46ad92/UMIPs/umip-157.md#proposal-information)
- [Determining the Result](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/7b1a046098d3e2583abd0372c5e9c6003b46ad92/UMIPs/umip-157.md#determining-the-result)

## Global Constants
All global constants from UMIP-157 will be retained for use in Across v3. The global variables stored in addition to UMIP-157 in the [AcrossConfigStore](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3b03509645713718b78951126e0a6de6f10043f5#code) are:
* "LITE_CHAIN_ID_INDICES"

>     * This should be a stringified list of chain id numbers and these chains should be contained in the "CHAIN_ID_INDICES" list. There should be no duplicates in this list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This should be a stringified list of chain ID numbers and these chains should be contained in the "CHAIN_ID_INDICES" list. There should be no duplicates in this list and the list of chain IDs here should be a subset of CHAIN_ID_INDICES.
```
```suggestion
    * This should be a stringified list of chain id numbers and these chains should be contained in the "CHAIN_ID_INDICES" list. There should be no duplicates in this list. 
```

>     * This should be a stringified list of chain ID numbers and these chains should be contained in the "CHAIN_ID_INDICES" list. There should be no duplicates in this list and the list of chain IDs here should be a subset of CHAIN_ID_INDICES.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This should be a stringified list of chain ID numbers and these chains should be contained in the "CHAIN_ID_INDICES" list. There should be no duplicates in this list.
```

### Identifying SpokePool Contracts
The current SpokePool address for a specific chain is available by querying `HubPool.crossChainContracts()`. The chainId must be specified in the query. In case of SpokePool migations, historical SpokePool addresses can be identified by scraping HubPool `CrossChainContractsSet` events.

> ### Identifying a chains inclusion as a Lite Chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Identifying a chains inclusion as a "Lite" Chain
```

> We consider a deposit to originate or be destined to a lite chain if the "LITE_CHAIN_ID_INDICES" constant in the AcrossConfigStore has an entry at a deposit's `quoteTimestamp` field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We consider a deposit to originate or be destined to a "Lite chain" if the "LITE_CHAIN_ID_INDICES" constant in the AcrossConfigStore has an entry at a deposit's `quoteTimestamp` field. These chains will have constraints for relayer repayments and slow fills to support faster development and expansion for the protocol.
```

> We consider a deposit to originate or be destined to a "Lite chain" if the "LITE_CHAIN_ID_INDICES" constant in the AcrossConfigStore has an entry at a deposit's `quoteTimestamp` field. These chains will have constraints for relayer repayments and slow fills to support faster development and expansion for the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We consider a deposit to "originate" or be "destined to" a "Lite chain" if the "LITE_CHAIN_ID_INDICES" value in the AcrossConfigStore includes the deposit's origin chain or destination chain respectively as of the deposit's `quoteTimestamp` field. These chains will have constraints for relayer repayments and slow fills to support faster development and expansion for the protocol.
```

2. The `fillDeadline` has not already elapsed relative to the `destinationChainId` bundle end block number,
3. The destination SpokePool `FillStatus` mapping for the relevant `V3RelayData` hash is `SlowFillRequested`,
4. The `RequestedV3SlowFill` `V3RelayData` is matched by a corresponding `V3FundsDeposited` event on the origin SpokePool,

> 5. Slow Fills requested for a deposit originating on a lite chain are considered invalid,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `originChainId` and `destinationChainId` are not Lite chains.
```

> 6. Slow fills requested on a lite chain are considered invalid,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The `destinationChainId` is not a Lite chain.
```
